doc binary-sv2 (#1231)
stratum-mining/stratum: protocols/v2/binary-sv2/binary-sv2/README.md

# binary-sv2

[![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/binary-sv2.svg)](https://crates.io/crates/binary-sv2)
[![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/binary-sv2/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/binary-sv2)
[![rustc+](https://img.shields.io/badge/rustc-1.75.0%2B-lightgrey.svg)](https://blog.rust-lang.org/2023/12/28/Rust-1.75.0.html)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%2FApache--2.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/stratum-mining/stratum/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

> `binary-sv2` is a Rust crate that helps serialize and deserialize binary data into Stratum V2 messages — either through `serde` or custom trait-based setup. Allowing it to be used in environment(s) where std or/and serde are not available.

Author: The example in the example folder is for the custom-trait based one.

> `binary-sv2` is a Rust crate that mediates between two implementations of Sv2 (Stratum V2) protocol serialization and deserialization—either through `serde` or custom trait-based encoding. This flexibility makes it adaptable for use in environments that may not support `serde`.

Reviewer: the complete phrase is:

> `binary-sv2` is a Rust crate that mediates between two implementations of Sv2 (Stratum V2) protocol serialization and deserialization

this makes sense to me

> `binary-sv2` is a Rust crate that mediates between two implementations of Sv2 (Stratum V2) protocol serialization and deserialization—either through `serde` or custom trait-based encoding. This flexibility makes it adaptable for use in environments that may not support `serde`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`binary-sv2` is a Rust crate that helps serialize and deserialize binary data into Stratum V2 messages — either through `serde` or custom trait-based setup. Allowing it to be used in environment(s) where std or/and serde are not available.
```

> `binary-sv2` is a Rust crate that mediates between two implementations of Sv2 (Stratum V2) protocol serialization and deserialization—either through `serde` or custom trait-based encoding. This flexibility makes it adaptable for use in environments that may not support `serde`.

Author: I will rephrase it, in next push
